fix(lsp): require config and code actions (#6557)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/busy-zebras-smash.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed a bug where Biome LSP didn't provide all the available code actions when requrested by the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where Biome didn't provide all the available code actions when requested by the editor.
```
